[Autogenerated] way to go.
You made it through the first module of this designing,
scalable in fault tolerant systems within a W s plural site course.
Before we move on, let's have a quick wrap up and review on what we learned.
We looked at the differences between state ful and stateless workloads,
as well as the considerations that you need to take
into account for designing each.
We introduced stateless and serve Earless service's.
We looked at a W s Lambda and we talked about E.
C s.
And then we explore different E c two instance types.
So we looked at different life cycles,
including reserved instances for big cost savings.
We talked about how you can commit to a year,
23 years, as well as convertible or standard instances.
We looked at the typical on demand instances,
which is what you get when you just spin up in launch.
An instance immediately within the EEC to dashboard.
And then we looked at spot instances.
So we Gwen ahead and made a spot request and saw how it
gets fulfilled based on a bid price.
And we talked about how you receive an interruption warning
that may suddenly terminate your instances.
Now let's go ahead and wrap up here and in the next module will
pick up and learn about implementing resilient auto scaling workloads within AWS using offered service's.